The following options were added to support the 1802/Mini machine, but they
are not unique at all to that hardware and may be useful on other machines
and in other circumstances. These options have not been tested for how well
they interplay with the STG build options, although the 1854 UART one is
the only one likely to be a problem.

#define FREQ_KHZ       4000    ; Clock frequency for baud rate calculation

Specify the clock frequency of the processor. This is used by the IDE_SETTLE and SET_BAUD options to calculate the delays that they need. If not defined, it defaults to 4000, meaning a 4 Mhz clock.

#define IDE_SETTLE     500

This delays for the specified number of milliseconds before starting a cold boot. When using a BIOS that jumps directly to boot, it may start too quickly after a power-on reset and try to access the compact flash card before it's initialized and online enought to even check the status register to see if it's ready. This delay gives the card a chance to come online before the first access attempt.

#define LAST_RAM       07fffh

This causes the f_freemem BIOS call to simply return the specified address as
the last RAM address rather than doing a search. This is useful in a machine
running from an EEPROM that is hardware write-enabled to allow in-circuit
programming, as otherwise the current memory scan code will either overwrite
the EEPROM if it is not software write-protected (not recommended anyway), or
it will crash when it reaches the EEPROM if it is software write-protected.

#define BAUD_FIX               ; Use rounding-off to calculate auto-baud

Changes the auto-baud-rate algorithm in the bit-banged UART to round off its
measurement rather than truncating it, which makes baud rate detection more
reliable for cases where clock frequency or baud rate are slightly off from
one another.

#define SET_BAUD       4800    ; Use this on bit-bang instead of auto-baud

Disables auto-baud rate detection for the bit-banged UART and uses the fixed
baud rate instead. This eliminates the need to hit enter at startup since the
rate will be pre-determined. To calculate the baud rate delay factor, the
clock frequency needs to be specified also if it is not 4 Mhz which is built
in as a default value.

#define NO_MOVER               ; Leave out f_mover call to save BIOS space

Causes the f_mover routine to be omitted from the BIOS to save space, in
particular to allow the 1854 UART code to be included in a 2K BIOS image.
The f_mover API is a specialty routine that could be readily replaced with
an Elf/OS program if needed.

#define 1854_UART              ; 1854 UART on system
#define  1854_DATA     6       ;  Data port for 1854
#define  1854_STATUS   7       ;  Status/command port for 1854

Includes the CDP1854 UART driver in BIOS as the console. Although this was
written to support the UART card for the 1802/Mini it is generic 1854 code
and should be usable on other systems with an 1854 UART. At this time, the
bit-bang code is still built as well even if it is not used... I will look
into changing this in the future if it is desirable to free up space. The
four "extended" BIOS UART calls are now supported as well.

#define  1854_DETECT           ;  Use 1854 if no EF serial cable present

This causes the BIOS to use the bit-banged console port using EF/Q lines if
a cable is plugged into the port, and to use the 1854 otherwise, if one is
determined to exist (if not, the bit-banged port is used anyway). In order
for this to work, the serial input EF line needs a pull-up or pull-down
resistor to pull it to the "space" level when no cable is installed. The
1802/Mini includes just such a resistor and a jumper to select polarity, and
this jumper can be used to make the bit-banged port always selected when
BIOS is built with this option if desired. 

